"How much attachment we have, how much anger we have, how much kanwale self-important attitude
toward we have, and all that things, the anger all that is enormous. Really, this is leading
to our self, to my self, self even talking. We have to improve our self, and that is what
the teaching always said, to improve our self, that we all need, everyone. We know intellectually
a bit, but now we have to observe that in the heart and mind and for the inner session.
I want to really try to cultivate as much as we can. And with that, in the body, then
the Hindu practices. Once the Hindu practices and do, then at the end of the Guru Yoga practices,
then Dzokhi meditation, Tukku meditation, and Togga meditation. Tukku meditation is,
you all know, I mean, we've heard so many times, is a foundation. We don't have the
good ground of the Tukku meditation, good realization of the Tukku meditation. Our Togga
practice, we want to tell the goal, what we want. Why? Because Tukku is cutting total.
That's the way to work. What is cutting total? Attachment, grasping, clean is cutting total.
And Togga is discovering the vision, discovering the call, reaching the call of the nature
of the mind. When we don't have the Tukku meditation of cutting total or cutting total
grasping, our Togga practice, we can grasp it, we can cling it. If we cling it, grasp
it with Togga, then that cling is clinging in the teachings. It's clinging, it's attachment.
Clinging is duality. So even we are having some visions of the Togga practice, but we
start clinging. Then we are going to come and cling it from the cling. We cannot try
to avoid or nibble the cling of the regular world things, but they were grasping, clinging
to the Togga visions. Then it's just really kind of like you just going from one right
to the left. We never went able to go to the middle beyond the duality, beyond the cling.
So therefore, Togga practice is really, the achievement of Togga practice is, is dependent
of the Tukku practice. And therefore, in the mornings, or always, always do Tukku practice
more strong, as much as you can, to do it so really so long.